[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
The top concerns
regarding the
invasiveness of RF and EMF
technology has been
the introduction of 5G.
Ben Stewart of Gaia
is here with us today
to share the information
he's researched regarding
5G and its potential benefits.
And most people say,
ah, potential benefits.
I don't see any benefits.
Let's get into some
of the basics first,
such as, why do
we even need this?
Is 4G not fast enough?
>>BEN STEWART: It'll never
be fast enough, you know?
I think--
>>REGINA: That's the answer.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
When you go back
to 1G, I think it
might have been by 2G,
which was around 1991, when
the internet started, where it
was somewhere around like 50
kilobytes per second.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: Right.
And then like later, in
1999, I think that was 3G.
2000, that was
when you could get
web browsing on your phones.
So that's where the Gs come in.
These are the
different generations
of mobile phone communications.
And every single time,
the data packages
would get faster and faster.
And so as of 4G,
it's fairly fast.
But to let that be the only
part of the conversation
is really just
kind of not looking
at what 5G really
is, in my opinion,
because the speed of it, sure.
In 5G, instead of
having to wait,
let's say, two, three minutes
to download a 2-gigabyte film,
you can do it in
two, three seconds.
So yes, that's
quite a bit faster.
Many are saying it's 100,000
times faster than 4G.
One thing that it's going to
do is also use the 4G spectrum
and then build on top of it
the 5G spectrum, which is--
they're are much more rapid,
tinier, millimeter waves.
So it's adding to it
instead of taking it down.
And there's just a whole
slew of different things--
how the infrastructure
is getting built,
what that's going to
mean for property value,
what it means for our health--
>>REGINA: All of
which we'll get into.
>>STEWART: Right.
>>REGINA: But the thing
is, as a human being
on this planet, most of us
need the internet for kind
of basic stuff,
for the most part.
>>STEWART: 5G, what
you're going to need it
for is no latency, no lag time
between sending and receiving
the message.
So that means
somebody in New York--
let's say a surgeon in New York
could be operating on somebody
in Afghanistan in
real time using--
obviously, in the field,
it'll be a machine.
So in a tent, a
soldier's wounded.
There's a machine in the tent.
And the surgeon is back in New
York, and in real time, moving.
And the system won't go down.
There's no lag time.
There's no dropped calls.
Thank god, because that would
be disastrous in that setting.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: Another big one
that's definitely going
to happen, in my opinion, this
decade, between 2020 to 2030,
is self-driving cars,
potentially to the point where
we won't have drivers in cars
anymore, because eventually,
if we get to do it like
China, where Alibaba,
in their smart cities,
of which there are 123--
>>REGINA: Oh, we're
going to get into that.
Most people don't know
about smart cities.
So I'm going to have you
explain it in detail.
>>STEWART: Great.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>STEWART: So Alibaba is
like our version of Amazon.
And their algorithms
are basically--
they're keeping traffic
down maybe 15, 20%,
just by rerouting
through the GPS.
So eventually, when you
have self-driving cars,
they're just too fast.
They're merging at 60, 70
miles an hour, because it can.
It's all computerized.
Then somebody wanting
to drive their car
is not going to be allowed.
That's a liability.
And so there are
certain things where
I can see there would
be benefit for having
no lag time, no interference.
You and I, technically, if the
technology to build a hologram,
we'd be having this conversation
in real time, no lag,
better than Star Wars, when
you'd see Princess Leia pop up.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: Right?
So we're talking
really futuristic stuff
here that's happening.
But 5G is more than
just fast internet,
because what it's
going to have to take
is a lot of technology--
the internet of things.
You might have heard that term.
And that basically
means technology
talking with technology.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: So without
getting too far ahead
of myself, one of the
biggest things about 5G,
you have to understand what's
been happening since 1G.
And that's data propagation.
So there's a lot of data.
And there's data about you,
data about me out there.
And with just a
few parameters, you
can find out a lot about
us, never having met us.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: Now we're
getting to the point
where it's not humans
that are poring over this.
It's AI poring over the data.
And it's also your pill bottles
are talking to your doctor.
Your diapers are
talking to your phone.
Your refrigerator is
Your car is talking to
whoever the manufacturer is.
So we're talking about
the internet of things,
all these devices
talking with one another,
proliferating their own data.
And basically, the
people who don't
like everything being surveilled
and everything being known,
like what's happening in China
right now in like, let's say,
Wuhan, where a smart city,
you're in the device.
5G-- we talk about the
evolution of mobile phones.
But eventually, you're
not going to need--
it's kind of slow and clunky
to have to manually enter stuff
into your phone.
So some of the richest
people out there, Jeff Bezos
being one, Donald
Trump being another,
they have a personalized
AI butler, if you will.
It's an assistant that can
give you your news super fast
if you're in between meetings.
It knows how to
scour the internet
for certain information
you'd like to know.
That's coming with 5G
as well, so that it's--
5G isn't just faster
download speeds.
What it is is also the ability
for technology to get smarter
and then to use these algorithms
to get smarter on their own.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I know.
And I think what--
thank you for explaining it
so articulately, by the way.
I think, of course,
what concerns people is
who controls that information.
That's always going to
be the big factor, the X
factor in this.
But let's talk
about the notion--
I want to get into the
notion of cybersecurity,
for example, because this
seems to play largely
into it as well, and then also
what happens when you start
factoring in quantum computing.
So just looking at 5G and
then looking at how that--
where do we leap into
quantum computing from there?
And that's a whole
different world.
>>STEWART: It is.
>>REGINA: So let's-- you just
take it away and explain things
to us.
>>STEWART: OK, well--
>>REGINA: And cybersecurity
and where that factors in.
>>STEWART: I'll start
there, with cybersecurity.
The interesting
thing about security
is you have to frame
the conversation.
What does that really mean?
We're still living in a world
where there's countries, right?
So the big threat, at
least on the face of it,
seems to be China and the US.
There is this company,
and they're probably
the number-two mobile
phone technology company.
But as far as 5G,
their number one.
And that's one Huawei.
And Huawei is a Chinese company.
And their technology goes into,
let's say, apps like TikTok,
you might have heard of.
Well, the big issue, whether
this-- this has been slanted.
And we'll get into this as well.
But what's real?
What media is actually
real that's coming to you?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>STEWART: But as
far as cybersecurity,
getting back to Huawei, one
thing that was found-- people
might be hearing about that now,
because just a few years back,
it was banned, federally banned
here in the United States.
>>REGINA: Explain it to us.
Explain the nature of it.
>>STEWART: So Huawei is, again,
it's a technology company.
And in their technology,
they have smartphones.
And they also build
5G infrastructure.
So that's in China.
But we also-- we buy
Chinese technology.
Africa has tons
of Samsung phones.
>>REGINA: They're
creating our Apple phones.
>>STEWART: Right.
So the fear-- let's
just start there.
The fear of it is that any of
our data that we're propagating
can be--
I actually have this
documentation here with me.
There was, I think it might have
been a senator out of Texas--
I'm forgetting his name.
But he basically said that it
has been found that they have--
so Chinese, obviously, being
communist, they own business.
So any business
there has in kind
of what their government has
set up, they have to hand over,
if they're asked,
any and all data.
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>STEWART: So with that, it
has been speculated by some.
Some are saying
it wasn't proven.
Some are saying that it
has been proven that--
I think it was from
the US to Europe,
there was supposed to
be a data transfer.
And they go in big
shipments of data.
And this was routed through
China first for analyzing
and then routed to where it
was eventually supposed to go.
So long story short,
the US federally
banned Huawei and
their technology here.
And then we've pressured Europe.
So now Europe has
a-- well, especially
the UK has a 2027 initiative
to where they will phase out
all Huawei technology.
Same with France and Germany.
And so I would say the
difficult thing here
is it really seems
like we're trying
to pit country against country.
>>REGINA: It does.
Yeah.
>>STEWART: And every
time that happens,
I try to take a look at,
what's the bigger play here?
And really, I think
that we're already--
not to be alarmist.
I think we're already in the
midst of some pre-emptive World
War III.
It starts with trade wars.
It starts much more hush-hush.
And there's a lot of
kind of positioning.
But wars, in our minds,
we go back to World War
I, World War II--
>>REGINA: In the ditches.
No, it's a new kind of war.
>>STEWART: It's a
new kind of war.
And I think, as soon as big
data became bigger than big oil,
which is-- it's now
exponentially growing
in that direction.
As soon as that
happened, I really
think that every country
started realizing, we need--
they're saying 5G.
But that just basically means,
we need the best and fastest
technology.
And right now,
one of the worries
is that China seems to be
five years ahead in this.
And if that can help them
get to AI, especially AGI,
which is Artificial
General Intelligence--
if they can get to that first,
then people like Sam Harris
say being six months ahead could
mean being 500,000 years ahead,
at a minimum, just at
the rate at which AI
will start advancing quicker.
So I think that's
why we're seeing
a lot of the topsy-turviness
and the finger pointing
at China, which it's
all just technology,
if you think about it.
But that's the direction
that we're going.
So I want to make it very
clear that 5G is related to AI
and related to
advanced technology.
And that, nowadays, has
everything to do with security.
So cybersecurity--
I think it's going
to have to go through
a bunch of evolutions,
because every time
something changes
where there's like a
very powerful firewall,
it kind of seems to be like
a constitution or some kind
of legislation, where
there's always loopholes.
And then those get exploited.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: And eventually,
that might reach a point
where it's just harder and
harder to crack through a wall.
But I think that's
when we're going
to see a dominant
superpower on the planet.
And I'm not sure
what that looks like.
I don't even know if that will
be marked off by countries.
It could be rich technocrats.
>>REGINA: It could be, yes.
Right.
OK, and just to affirm
that, in that conversation
I had with Deep Prasad,
he basically-- it
confirms what you're
saying, is that
in the world of
quantum computing,
which is a very esoteric, kind
of almost secretive world.
The people that
are involved in it
and what it's being
used for-- this
is not in our purview to
know about at this time.
But he did say, because
I asked about it--
he did say that right
now, when it comes to--
and he's talking about
the quantum field
and reducing noise in
the field to make a more
focused connection, right?
He said, right now,
the Chinese are ahead
in that too in the world
of quantum computing.
And he said, whoever owns
quantum computing in the end
dominates.
And you're saying they're
ahead in 5G technology as well.
And it's, again, not--
I'm not trying to--
I'm not xenophobic.
I'm not trying to pit
countries against countries.
We're just looking
at what happens
when you have a concentration
of the ability to manage
and surveil with data.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
And that's-- we're really
seeing a lot of that--
the surveillance part of it.
So before I get into the
quantum computing side of it,
when you're talking
about cybersecurity,
some people also
think like, well, I--
individually, I have a
right to my own security.
And that's correct.
But where's the line?
>>REGINA: Where is the line?
Yeah.
>>STEWART: Because when we're
talking about being surveilled,
where is security?
What's done for
your safety, right?
Because I might feel violated
by some surveillance, where
the explanation is, well,
this is for your security.
And we have to--
>>REGINA: Who gets
to decide, right?
>>STEWART: So data--
the big thing about data
is, there's a lot of
data on everyone now.
And now it's
getting to the point
where even in schools,
everyone is given a tablet.
We're there to put
our information down.
So if you think about it, what
1G to 5G has been thus far
is a big survey about everything
about us, even social media.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>STEWART: So you're
sitting there scrolling,
let's say on Instagram.
You're scrolling up.
Not only does it take a look
at what do you click Like on--
and they can tell a lot by that.
I won't go into it.
But just with a few parameters,
they can tell a lot about you.
But if you're scrolling
past something,
and then you stop
and scroll back,
they're like, oh, that
image means something.
So Instagram then,
owned by Facebook,
shares that with,
let's say, Netflix.
And this is hypothetical.
Netflix has-- for everything
you're scrolling through,
and you're looking at
the images, the icons,
the thumbnails for the shows
or the movies that you want
to watch, but there's
about five images
associated with every movie.
The image that you see, because
you have to click, oh, it's
me watching.
If you have like five people in
your family, it's me watching.
Well, it will change
the image based
upon what it thinks you like.
So if you're scrolling
on social media,
and you're always clicking
Like, and especially doing that,
stop, scroll back,
because you want
to look at it, that means
it catches your eye.
And that means Netflix
wants to use that.
And their algorithms
are incredible.
They can pretty much
predict what kind of image
you would like to see to make
you most likely want to click
that video and watch it.
And so this is the kind of
stuff that all that data
is being propagated.
The security part of it
is, whose data is that?
Who owns it?
It's not mine.
I propagated it.
But like I said, it's
a very detailed survey.
And you hand it over to
private data aggregators.
And once data aggregators
have it, they own that.
You don't even get to see it.
>>REGINA: You've
programmed it for them.
But they own it.
>>STEWART: So let's just talk
a little bit about psychology.
Can you figure out
someone's psychology
just by knowing what they
click through in social media?
>>REGINA: To a large extent.
>>STEWART: You know a
lot of what they like.
You know the stuff
that catches their eye.
That says a lot about
the subconscious mind.
>>REGINA: Then add Amazon to it.
>>STEWART: Yeah, add Amazon.
I would say the future of
Amazon is predictive shipping.
So they know that you
continually buy this product.
They're eventually just going
to start shipping it to you.
And if less than 5% of
that product is returned,
they still make a nice profit,
so predictive shipping.
And some of these things--
I think they're kind
of cool in theory.
But there's obviously
glaring things
here that there's an issue with.
>>REGINA: Well,
and I think also--
and we'll get back, again,
when we get back to quantum,
the quantum interface there too.
One thing he did say
is, when you really
have quantum computing
fully developed
and fully in place,
there's almost no chance
for cybersecurity.
You're ones and zeros.
It's like waves and particles.
There's no chance anymore.
We're off of ones and zeros, OK?
And you really can't protect--
but we're going to go
back to that in a minute.
And I going to say, part of
this is generational too,
because if you grew up in
a generation like my dad's
generation, you wrote a letter
to someone that was private.
You might even write
"confidential" on the envelope.
And you wanted
that person to have
your private communication.
And no one else would
ever know about it.
And then you go
to my generation,
which is the beginning of
the computer generation.
Still, you have private
phone conversations.
And you have private emails.
And your perception is that
you're just using technology
to privately deliver.
Now we have a generation
of-- let's say the zoomers,
for example, where
you have kids that
are 15, 16 years old, where
private security and such--
that isn't even a thought.
It's not a desire.
It's not even-- you
wouldn't understand
why you would want to
have your life private,
because you're happy
to share everything.
And the people developing
this technology are--
and it's always going to be--
of the youngest generations,
right?
>>STEWART: Totally, totally.
And you know, you bring
up a very good point,
because I would say my
generation is one of the last
that remembers a time
before the internet.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes, exactly.
>>STEWART: And you know, I
would say the interesting thing
about that is, you're
definitely right.
Generationally, we
have different ideas
on like, what is private?
What is security?
What does it matter?
And I think, in the future--
and when I say future now, I
don't mean 100 years from now.
I could mean less
than 10 years now,
because some of the technologies
that are coming up--
and I think the best way to
research this is, go and find--
you know all those
things on YouTube
where you want to know
what stocks to purchase?
And there's people like, well,
buy this newsletter and blah,
blah, blah.
Subscribe to that,
and I'll tell you
who's going to be supplying
Apple with their RF chips
and stuff like that.
That's a great way to
research, because you really
do find the companies.
And you can find the names.
And you can figure out what's
the push for coming technology.
And some of it--
>>REGINA: And it's all algorithm
traded, for the most part,
about 90%--
it's algorithms.
>>STEWART: Yeah, absolutely.
But you get to find out what
technologies are coming.
And some of them--
>>REGINA: That's true.
That's a good point.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
And so some of them-- and I'll
speak about a couple of them,
because there's a
couple that actually
get right back to maybe some
of the health concerns of 5G.
But let's say technology
like these glasses--
I don't know if you've
watched "WestWorld"--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEWART: OK.
So these glasses
that they just have--
it's like a heads-up display.
And whatever you're
looking at, it can see.
It knows what you're looking at.
And it can-- like
Terminator in the movie,
it sends you back
useful information.
That's not sci-fi anymore.
This stuff is really here.
Facial recognition,
even with masks
on nowadays, retinal scanning--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: I think
I heard this guy--
I think his name is Tom Scott.
And he talks about the latest
technology in search engines.
And he's saying that retinal
scanning technology is
so incredible now at being
able to not only just
identify who you are, even
if you have a mask on,
and all it can see
from a distance,
because cameras are
getting better, your eyes.
Not only is it IDing
you, but it can also--
do you know about
iridology and sclerology?
>>REGINA: Yes, I do.
>>STEWART: OK, so
for your audience,
it's basically looking at
what's going on inside your body
by looking at your eyes.
This technology is better
than 97% of the iridologists
and sclerologists
out there, being
able to pick up on certain
patterns and things
that these doctors who have
devoted their lives to that
haven't been able to see.
So that technology
is getting better.
So we have that technology
now on glasses looking out
and giving a heads-up display.
So now imagine-- just a
little thought experiment.
We're talking about
quantum computers.
Real quick, quantum computing,
one of the best things about it
is it builds models.
And then it kind
of maps out, what
are the highest likelihoods
of things to happen?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: Right?
So--
>>REGINA: And it's
fabulous for modeling,
because it operates so quickly.
>>STEWART: Yeah, absolutely.
And I mean, there's
also analog ways
to do that as well that Rupert
Sheldrake talks about really
beautifully.
But now, just imagine, every
one of us, we have a core frame.
And there are certain just
tried-and-true things.
Like, if I sit like
this, you can tell a lot
about what's going on inside me.
If I'm very expanded, and I'm
like this, you can also tell.
Well, now imagine what a
supercomputer can tell, right?
And then that keeps advancing--
what it would be able to tell
due to blinking patterns,
swallowing patterns, facial
movements, even the slightest
ones, like cops are able
to tell whether you're
lying if you look up and to the
left, or any of those things.
But now we have
computers doing it.
And they don't miss a thing.
They can see your body language.
They understand your
gait cycle, all of that.
Now, imagine it
gets to the point
where you're able to
wear a pair of glasses.
And really, it'll give
you a heads-up display.
What kind of emotional
state is this person in?
What's the likelihood that--
are they looking at me?
What kind of state of arousal
or disinterest might they be in?
A bunch of stuff
that I can't even
give too much of a
thought experiment on.
But eventually,
these search engines
are able to draw out
correlations that humans can't,
such as university professors--
for the longest time,
they take resumes.
And then they accept some.
They push others off the table.
And then now they're
automating that with AI.
And the AI is going
backwards in time
and taking a look at,
well, to go forward,
we want to use the
rearview mirrors
and check out what resumes
worked in the past.
We'll start there.
And it turns out that
there's a large majority--
women's resumes are
pushed to the side,
and men's resumes are the
ones that are accepted.
And that's something
that wouldn't
have been found had it not been
for these supercomputers that
are taking a look
and drawing patterns.
So this is getting back to
the security type of thing.
And what is privacy at that
point, if you can tell so much
more about a person?
And I think this is actually
kind of neat, you know?
I know that people who are very
conservative in their ways,
that they don't want things
to change that rapidly.
We're moving into a world
where things are going
to start a lot more rapidly.
>>REGINA: You give up that one.
It's already happened, yeah.
>>STEWART: So what
does that mean?
Like, there's not so
much that you can hide.
There's not as much.
I'm sure you still
will be able to.
But then, at what point is--
I can go online and find out
a lot about Regina Meredith.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: But in
20 years, I might
be able to go online and find
exponentially more and just
different arenas, not just
things that you've published
or that have been
published around you.
And one of the biggest
things about this
is, you notice how
TVs are becoming
more and more like devices?
So it's like the lines
are being blurred.
So even the commercials
that you see
might be different than the
commercials I see on TV,
not just scrolling through
Instagram, because we know--
anyone who's paying attention
to these things, my Instagram
feed-- even if we are following
the exact same people,
my Instagram feed will
be different than yours.
>>REGINA: Just because of the
way you've swiped and so forth.
Yeah.
>>STEWART: Yeah, exactly.
And there's certain
things where--
Britney Kaiser, who is
a whistleblower that
worked at Cambridge Analytica,
that was basically-- she
is there saying, I think
we should own our own data.
And in a sense, I agree.
>>REGINA: How is that
even going to happen now?
>>STEWART: Oh, I
don't think it will.
>>REGINA: That's not
even a possibility.
>>STEWART: Right.
And so she was saying
something where the way
that ads are
targeted to people--
and you can sure tell
by data whether somebody
is an introvert or an
extrovert, because extroverts
are taking selfies outside
all the time, right?
All the places that they go.
But anyway, beyond that,
introverts are typically--
so they're most likely
not going to be voting.
That seems to be what the
data speaks loudest on.
They're not going to vote as
much as the extroverts will.
So you make sure
they don't vote.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>STEWART: And you
send them conspiracy--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>STEWART: --paranoia pieces,
things that make them more
fearful--
>>REGINA: Cambridge
Analytica were
very good at what they did.
>>STEWART: Yeah, and there's
many others like that--
>>REGINA: Many, many other.
>>STEWART: --that have
disinformation and fake news
as a service that you can
buy, which means millions
of dollars going into media.
Where is that media?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEWART: It's got
to be out there.
It's not going to
advertise it as such
but it's definitely
out there, meaning you
and I have definitely seen
intentionally fake media.
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
>>STEWART: We all have.
It's just now
getting to the point
where it's harder and
harder to distinguish.
And you remember those two
technologies I told you?
One propagates the fake
data or the fake media.
And the other one tracks it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>STEWART: There's a
lot of data on this.
One, the whole purpose of it
is to make it harder and harder
to distinguish whether
it's real or fake.
And so the most widely shared--
because you know, that's
how things become viral,
is they're shared by people.
The most widely shared
is political media
that leaves the audience
with either disgust or fear.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>STEWART: That's the
most widely shared.
>>REGINA: And that is addictive.
That has effects on
your brain chemicals
to make it
purposefully addictive.
You're going to come
back for another dose.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
It's monetizing the dopamine
pathway and several other ones.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>STEWART: And I think
that's pretty interesting.
It also kind of-- it
always brings me back to,
what is consciousness?
What's going on with
these dopamine pathways
and the serotonin pathways?
And how are they triggered
from the outside?
Because we know--
>>REGINA: Serotonin is
almost never triggered
by politics, only dopamine.
>>STEWART: Right, right.
Well, even your phone.
And back in the day,
remember, you've got mail?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEWART: They were
tracking back then, dopamine,
all the time.
So over time, that
also changes you.
And it changes your
thought patterns.
It can even change
your attention span,
these types of
things, which we know
our attention span is shifting.
So that was introverts.
Extroverts are now--
they're the ones
who are targeted with--
they're probably going to vote.
So they're given these happy,
outgoing, get involved,
become a part of the
movement, donate to this,
put your name on this petition,
all that kind of stuff.
So extroverts, divert
your attention here.
Don't just do whatever you want.
Divert.
>>REGINA: Put that
energy somewhere.
>>STEWART: So it's aikido.
>>REGINA: Manipulate
them to replace-- yeah.
>>STEWART: It's like aikido.
You take what's already the
momentum and their strengths.
And you just-- you frame
their conversations.
You keep them away from
certain conversations
and just keep them right
here in this little box.
And the extroverts, the
ones who are probably
a little bit more cynical and
don't buy a lot of the media--
>>REGINA: You mean
the introverts?
>>STEWART: Oh, I'm sorry,
the introverts, yes.
The introverts--
they're probably
more cynical, skeptical.
So they're just given paranoia
pieces to keep them away
from the polls.
>>REGINA: That's fascinating,
the way you've put this.
Thank you.
I mean, I really appreciate
your describing this,
because we're all seeing
how we're being played
and how people around us are
responding to being played.
>>STEWART: It's a
social experiment.
>>REGINA: And to me--
it's a social experiment
of a grotesque
nature, in my opinion.
And I think what-- and we'll
continue on with the 5G.
But I just, I have to say this.
I think what bothers me
even more than the notion
that privacy no longer exists,
which, I'm kind of old school.
And I'm an introvert.
So basically, it's
none of your business.
You know, I don't write
about myself and such,
partly because it's
not that interesting.
But I like having
my little world.
But all this data that you can
find on the internet-- that's
one thing.
The notion of being manipulated
and the cognitive dissonance
that is creating these
pathways of hatred and anger
among people and pitting
them against each other,
locally in families, all the
way out to country to country--
now, that is something that
I'm very concerned about,
because I can't see
how we can stop it,
unless each person goes
away from technology
and goes into their internal
technology of consciousness
to start truly developing
discernment, so you
know that's a fraud.
I feel it.
I know it.
That's a fraud-- because the
mechanism and the tuning fork
of the multidimensional
human being
is still more
sophisticated than AI.
>>STEWART: It will always be.
>>REGINA: And it always will be.
And it's organic.
And it comes with us.
It comes with the
spirit, the soul.
It's all interconnected
with the all.
To have access to that, to be
able to quiet down and say, no.
OK, surveil me all you want.
But you're not going
to manipulate me.
That is really, I think, what
most people watching this
are even more concerned about.
>>STEWART: Right.
And so to empower
those people, I
think what's really important
is to also understand,
OK, I still use my phone.
I still go on social media.
It's part of my life.
But there--
>>REGINA: I do too, for work.
>>STEWART: Right.
And there's things that
you can do to safeguard.
And I think one of the
number-one things that I had
to--
I personally had to come
to the understanding
of is, when there's fake media
out there, which there is.
It's already been established.
It's not-- I think--
have you ever heard
people say, like, well,
TV can brainwash you.
And people are
like, well, I don't
get brainwashed by ads
and stuff like that.
And for the most
part, some people--
you know you're
being sold something.
>>REGINA: Some are more
susceptible than others, true.
>>STEWART: Right.
But I think the
deeper layers of it
is the way that it
frames our conversations.
So I don't think
fake media is there
to get us to believe what the
media itself is talking about,
the specific information.
What it is is it's opening
up questions inside our mind.
And the mind doesn't
like not having closure.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
where it's bumping up
against cognitive dissonance.
You're saying, hold on.
This doesn't make sense.
It feels wrong.
And yet you're saying all this
data exists to support this?
And you're right.
That does create a more
probing mind if you're awake.
>>STEWART: Mhm.
So there's this one thing that
was published by the NIH and--
the National
Institute of Health--
and also on PubMed,
which, you can
get a lot of things on PubMed.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it's
a good resource.
>>STEWART: It's
a great resource.
But there was this
one that said,
5G technology induces
coronaviruses in skin cells.
And it was taken down
within five days.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: It was retracted.
>>STEWART: There were seven--
I think it was seven or
eight reputable scientists
and doctors from
different countries.
The main editor
was out of Italy--
Fioranelli, I think,
was his name--
Massimo Fioranelli.
And it was retracted.
But it got shared very heavily.
So I was already onto this.
What gets shared?
How quickly does it get shared?
So I was thinking, OK, beyond,
does 5G induce coronaviruses?
Because there's mixed
reviews across the board.
There's intelligent people on
both sides talking about that.
I can't say that I--
I don't buy it.
But I always leave a little
room for just in case,
because I don't have the
credentials to really say
yes or no.
But I'm always looking at,
what's the bigger play?
I try and remove myself.
That framed the conversation.
>>REGINA: What is this
shoving you toward?
Yeah.
>>STEWART: So we know that
there's a race towards 5G.
We know that.
And we know that years
ago, there was talk--
actually, nine years
ago, they were already
talking about 5G and
what it's going to be,
and that China is
ahead of the US.
And then we also know that
$300 billion was put--
the Chinese put $300 billion
into basically planting people
inside US semiconductor
companies to, in a sense,
take that technology--
>>REGINA: Espionage,
industrial espionage.
>>STEWART: Yeah, take that
technology back to China.
They can reproduce it.
So why this thing on PubMed?
It got very widely shared.
It was retracted.
Everyone took their hands
off it, even the scientists.
Most of them were like, it
was taken out of context.
They took their hands off of it.
OK, end of that story.
But it got widely shared.
And what does that do
for most people who
don't do researching,
and they don't look--
most media sources, you
need at least two sources
to verify something.
And most people don't do that.
They see a meme.
It makes enough sense to them.
It validates maybe some of
their biases and beliefs.
And they just-- it anchors
it deeper inside them.
So I think, like,
was this to slow down
5G development in
certain countries
that might be potential
competitors for China,
or the other way around?
Because these tactics--
you have to imagine,
if I can think of that,
it's been thought of before.
>>REGINA: Well, as soon as you--
if you're a discerning
thinker, first thing you do
is notice where your emotions
have just been driven.
That's going to give you a
lot of key data right there--
your emotion, how you
feel, like, oh my god.
There's your data right there.
Then you can kind of guess where
you're being engineered to go.
>>STEWART: Right.
Do I trust it?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>STEWART: That's all you
got to get people to think.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>STEWART: So yeah, you can
retract it all you want.
But the seed has been
put into people's head.
>>REGINA: It's been
laid down, yeah.
>>STEWART: And people are just--
because most people don't even
know that it was retracted.
The ones who've
shared it very widely,
they don't even know
that it was retracted.
They're just sitting there
with this idea in their head.
Should I trust 5G?
And 5G isn't just
one thing, you know?
It's millimeter waves, yes.
That's the new addition.
But 5G is also 4G, because
it's those big towers that
have longer slow waves that
can penetrate these walls.
The reason why you're going to
need a bunch of small 5G masts
and towers everywhere is because
it doesn't travel that far.
And it also, if it rains, it
gets absorbed into the rain.
If there's trees
in the way, it gets
absorbed into the shallow
tissues of the trees, animals,
insects, and yes, in humans.
It's shown.
And there's three-- actually,
four types of tissue
in our body that get
affected the most by EMFs--
the brain, the heart,
reproductive organs,
and the fascia.
That's pretty much everything.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
that's everything
we need for a good life,
or to propogate life, even.
Absolutely.
>>STEWART: Exactly.
The top and the bottom of
the spinal column, and then
all of our fascia coalesces
around the craniosacral pump.
And so fascia is the
most interconnected organ
inside the body.
It's intelligent.
It actually-- if something
grazes your foot,
and you react
really quick, you've
reacted quicker than the
signal can get to your brain,
because your nervous system
runs at about 250 miles an hour,
like a Ferrari.
But your fascia, especially when
in good health, is fiberoptic.
So it it's a lot
quicker than that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEWART: And so with that--
>>REGINA: Without
being affected.
>>STEWART: Right.
And these tissues seem--
that's where it
gets absorbed into.
So back to the point,
you need tons more masts,
because it's not
penetrating deeply enough.
But we're still using 4G.
So now, not only do we have
100,000 times faster internet,
at least 100,000
times more EMFs.
And as of 4G, we had 100 million
times more EMFs than 100--
well, actually, than even
60, 70 years prior to that.
So we're talking, now, this is--
>>REGINA: How fast can
our biology evolve--
>>STEWART: Adapt.
>>REGINA: --to be
able to adapt to this?
I mean, that's a big question.
And then I want to toss to
another little factor in there,
because I don't
think it's little.
Klinghoffer's work--
Dr. Klinghoffer's work--
>>STEWART: I know that name.
>>REGINA: He is
an MD from Germany
who lives in the US right now.
But I remember him talking
about his metals analysis
in the human body,
because he's really
big on detoxing, talking about,
in America in particular,
more so than the rest of
the world, but everywhere,
because of con- and
chemtrails, both,
we all have high, far higher
than normal levels of aluminum
in particular in our
bodies and brains.
Now these very, very short
waves, these frequencies,
are always interacting
with metals.
So what is happening there,
where our bodies become-- these
become like mini-antennae
on a cellular level,
where this garbage is
trapped in our bodies.
Then what happens when
you're looking at us also
as a metallic antenna
for all of this?
>>STEWART: Yeah.
There's a much bigger play,
I think, with all of this
at hand.
But just to stick
with that, yes, we
have a lot of heavy
metals inside of us.
Aluminum is just one of them.
>>REGINA: Our brains and
the rest of our bodies.
>>STEWART: Right.
And so we have this
brilliant natural thing
called the blood-brain
barrier that's
supposed to be able to keep
things out of the brain.
So one of the things that
has been found with EMFs
is it causes a leak--
>>REGINA: In the
barrier, absolutely.
>>STEWART: --in that barrier.
And so that causes a
whole host of issues,
but one of them being,
anything toxic inside your body
now has access into the brain.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>STEWART: So that's
just one of the things.
Another one of the things
that's happening is with EMFs--
and that's-- it's
not just phones.
We're talking,
like, you could have
faulty wiring, dirty
electricity in your house.
>>REGINA: Routers and so forth.
>>STEWART: Right.
And magnetic fields are
actually even worse,
because they're
harder to shield from.
There's Faraday fabric that
you can put your phone inside.
It won't receive a signal.
But you can put a
magnet inside of that,
and it'll still hold on
the other side of it.
So magnetic fields are
also pretty damaging.
But one thing that it does
inside the body, which
causes a whole host of
downstream effects, is it
opens the VGCC, Voltage-Gated
Calcium Channels on our cells.
Those aren't supposed to
be as active as they are.
EMFs chronically open them.
So that means there
is an overloading
of calcium inside the cells.
There's also nitric oxide
that's being ignited
inside the cells, which,
that's only supposed
to happen outside of the cells.
So there's a bunch of--
I wouldn't say
anti-evolutionary, but like,
evolution didn't prepare us
for these kinds of things.
>>REGINA: Not beneficial for
cellular health of any kind.
>>STEWART: Definitely not.
And there are solutions.
Thank goodness, there
are some solutions.
>>REGINA: And let's-- because
now everybody's like, holy cow,
or whatever.
Let's go into that.
Let's look at some
of the solutions.
Let's look at some of the
brilliant innovations.
And then let's look
at the human capacity,
our natural human capacity
to adapt, to evolve,
to be able to shift
frequency ranges, et cetera.
So take it away on some
of the things you're
finding the most exciting
by ways of potential
remedying of these
nasty effects.
>>STEWART: OK.
And I'll start with just
going back to what you said.
We are the most
advanced technology.
And the thing is, we
haven't woken to that yet.
That's why you keep hearing,
like, we need to wake up.
But most people don't
know what that means.
To what?
Usually, they think you need
to wake up to the outside world
stimuli and then come to
some inner conclusion.
But we-- all of
evolution, really,
if you're looking at
it in this context,
there's environmental stressors.
And we're meant to
be able to adapt
to environmental stressors.
>>REGINA: I mean, just from
volcanoes, and the dust,
and all of the metals
fallout from that.
We've been doing this forever.
>>STEWART: Right.
Drought--
>>REGINA: Drought, yeah.
>>STEWART: It used to be very
lush, and now it's drought.
And Robert Sapolsky
talks about-- you'll
have codes in your DNA.
But it'll intentionally
mutate itself
to start going towards, what
can we do that will actually
adapt well to this stressor?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>STEWART: Well, this
stressor-- we at least--
we're now identifying
what it is.
It's not like we don't
know what this stressor is.
It just happens to be something
that is propagating so quickly.
And let me just say that
the safety guidelines
for telecommunications--
Dr. Martin Paul is
basically saying, don't even
bother with it, because the only
thing that they're looking at
are the thermal effects for
the nonionizing radiation.
>>REGINA: The rest
is not even studied.
>>STEWART: It's
not even looked at.
And so you know your phone
is nonionizing radiation.
Chernobyl, that's ionizing.
So they're like, well, look.
It's not like Chernobyl.
You're fine.
But we still are--
we still set limits.
And we're way
above those limits.
Especially in the US, we're
way above those limits.
So now that I've properly
freaked out your audience--
they probably are very
well versed in this.
>>REGINA: Already freaked out
anyway, but you just helped.
>>STEWART: Right.
So we have this
innate thing inside us
that allows us to adapt.
But the things that
help it are the things
that have always helped
us-- a good night's sleep.
You can go out and
get bombarded by EMFs.
And it's still going to
have an effect on you.
But if you want to massively
mitigate that effect,
shield your sleeping quarters.
Make sure you get a great eight
hours' sleep with the least
amount of EMFs--
>>REGINA: Interference.
>>STEWART:
--interference at all.
Even light and stuff like that--
like, when you're staring
at your phone too late,
the blue light
blocks the melatonin.
You're not going to be getting
into the deep, restorative
layers of sleep.
So shield your bed.
There's these netting
things, Faraday
cages that you can
put around your bed.
That'll block EMFs.
But it won't really
block magnetic waves.
And it's also, the Earth
gives off magnetic waves.
So you also--
>>REGINA: The cosmos
gives off magnetic waves.
>>STEWART: The cosmos does.
But when the Earth
generates it, we've
been dealing with that
for a long, long time.
So it's still smart to--
if you have a house,
the wiring could
cause the problem.
Your outlets-- if
you have something
plugged into the wall,
even just unplugging it,
that doesn't take care of it.
So there's many things
that-- unfortunately,
it's cost prohibitive to
buy this Faraday caging,
Faraday paint--
and this is all EMF shielding.
And then you got to block
your windows and everything.
And then there's
these things that you
can plug into the outlets--
>>REGINA: Like David
Stetzer's work, for example.
>>STEWART: Yeah,
and Brian Hoyer.
He has a lot of really
good info out there.
He actually came to Gaia
when I was working here
and showed me exactly
where these lines were.
And he's like, OK,
Ben, your desk,
you need to stand right here.
And that's your optimal spot.
So it can be done.
You need RF meters,
magnetic meters.
And you need somebody who
knows what they're looking at,
because there's even
shielding for your phones.
But if you do it wrong,
you're actually--
so there's these
shields that it can
shield 90% of the EMFs
coming at you if you
have the cover closed.
If you take the cover off, and
you put both on the back side,
and the phone is facing
you, then now you're--
>>REGINA: You amplify it?
Yeah.
>>STEWART: You're magnifying
it at least by two times.
>>REGINA: Oh, jeez.
>>STEWART: So you really have
to know what you're doing.
That's why studying
it is perfect.
Number one, you want to
shield it as much as possible.
Number two, you want to
get a great night's sleep,
shielded night's sleep.
Here are the supplements that we
could probably be taking that,
even if it weren't for EMFs--
>>REGINA: Though we're not
making any recommendations
to anyone, of course.
>>STEWART: No, and
I'm not going to--
>>REGINA: This is
not medical advice.
>>STEWART: Exactly.
Not medical advice.
>>REGINA: But you can talk
about what you take and enjoy.
>>STEWART: I'll
just tell you what
Dr. Joseph Mercola has said.
He talks about
magnesium, 400 milligrams
of elemental magnesium,
because sometimes you'll
have 400 milligrams
of magnesium,
but only 256
elemental milligrams.
So magnesium--
we're all deficient.
So we really need to be
supplementing with that.
Iodine-- you really
got to be careful.
You don't want to overdo iodine.
Niacin is another one.
>>REGINA: And this
is another one you
have to be careful with too.
>>STEWART: You can get
that niacin flush for sure.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
Hydrogen, actually.
And you can get--
I think it's elemental hydrogen.
I haven't studied that enough.
And I don't understand if
that's for the Nrf2 pathway.
>>REGINA: I don't either.
I was even wondering
if that crosses over
with Patrick Flanagan's work.
>>STEWART: Maybe.
>>REGINA: You know, his Mg/H.
>>STEWART: Oh yeah.
>>REGINA: But I don't know.
I don't know the answer.
I was wondering if that
might cross over to that.
>>STEWART: Research
never stops for me.
So I'll definitely
look into that.
>>REGINA: Check it out.
Let us know.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
And so those are the things
we really want to do.
And the reason why I stress
magnesium specifically
is because, remember
when I said,
EMFs, they open up the
voltage-gated calcium channels?
Magnesium can stop that chronic
opening of these channels.
So getting enough
magnesium will stop it
from creating all those
downstream effects.
Simple things like the
antioxidants in blackberries,
raspberries, strawberries
are really good.
Cruciferous vegetables--
broccoli is really good.
And there's just-- I would say,
anyone who you want to learn
more about these things, go
to Dr. Joseph Mercola's book,
"EMF*D."
It's a really good book.
And he goes through just
the whole history of it.
Basically, when he's
talking about solutions,
he's talking about
those ones specifically.
But he's also saying, we need to
get active, because none of it
takes care of the problem.
All of it just
mitigates the problem.
>>REGINA: It just mitigates it.
OK, we have a couple of
things to talk about here.
So people say-- and
I know they were
able to do this in some of
the Marin County communities,
and Brussels, and Switzerland.
But by and large, people
feel totally defeated
at going against their local
councils and saying, look,
we don't want that in our town.
How do you even--
do you have--
A, do you have any words
of wisdom or soothing
words for people who are just
feeling devastated over that?
And then finally, I want to get
into some of the breakthrough
technologies that can
actually take that signal
and enhance it into
something beneficial.
We'll end on that.
First of all, activism,
then benefits.
>>STEWART: OK.
Yeah, when it comes
to activism, I
think it's a very important
thing that we need to do.
We also need to be honest about
how much efficacy certain forms
of activism actually have.
But to tell you
the truth, I think
I heard of a couple
places, Connecticut
being one, that
started pushing back
against the massive
influx of 5G technology.
And specifically, I think one
of the biggest parts of it was--
actually, and I'll
give you one--
the audience one big piece
of hope right after this.
But housing prices
are going down
in certain areas because of
all these masts that now,
if you own a house
that's right next to one,
housing prices are going down.
It's already started to
happen, because if anyone
is paying attention,
these towers
are going up like gangbusters.
>>REGINA: They are.
It's interesting.
Can't say it's related.
But in San Francisco, which
is one of the big 5G cities,
housing prices are dropping
rather precipitously,
considering the fact
that it was considered
bulletproof two years ago.
>>STEWART: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: And I don't
know if they're related.
I'm just saying, it's an issue.
>>STEWART: It's
worth looking at.
>>REGINA: And also a lot
of churches, for example,
will rent out their roof space.
Schools, institutions
that need money,
are renting out their
rooftop in order
to be able to have a
little passive income
to support these things.
>>STEWART: I won't
name any names.
But there are certain
quite wealthy people
that have actually exempted
their property, like hundreds
if not thousands of acres.
>>REGINA: Oh, I'm not even
remotely surprised at that.
>>STEWART: Right, so exempted
their property from any 5G
technology whatsoever.
The other very exciting
thing-- and this was also--
Dr. Joseph Mercola
talked about this.
And then I went and I
studied it right afterwards.
And it's true.
Big insurance companies might
actually come to the aid,
because they started--
which is funny, because
insurance companies,
usually you're like, ugh.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but
they don't like claims.
>>STEWART: And that's exactly
what the beauty of this is,
because there was a couple--
basically, they stopped
with a bunch of the bigger
industry saying, we're not
going to cover EMF-related harm.
And so that's actually causing--
what's beautiful about that is,
when we're talking about 5G,
and faster internet,
and stuff like that,
if you take away the way
that it's being done,
and you just get the benefit of
faster and better technology,
that's kind of cool.
You know, I like that.
I also like getting
away from technology.
And I didn't even
get into Apple-Fi,
if you know what that is.
>>REGINA: No, I don't.
>>STEWART: Well, Apple was
looking at making $4.99
direct-to-consumer,
anyone who has an iPhone,
they have their own
wireless, no infrastructure
built on Planet Earth.
It's all up in the satellites.
They're not going to be
sending satellites up.
So they're probably
partnering with someone
who's sending thousands and
thousands of satellites up.
>>REGINA: Tesla and others.
>>STEWART: Starlink, exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>STEWART: 14,000
satellites going up
over the next few years.
There's already, I think,
3,000, 4,000 up there already,
so partnering with that.
And that might be good.
It might be good,
because they're
using beamforming technology,
if you know what that is.
So it's not--
>>REGINA: I don't understand
beamforming technology, really.
>>STEWART: Here's super simple.
Here's a tower, 4G.
Its beacon goes everywhere.
It doesn't discriminate.
5G towers, they have
beamforming to where
you could be two miles
away-- well, not with 5G.
You could be, let's say,
like half a mile away.
And it will send a
message directly to you.
It'll geolocate you, and it'll
send a message directly to you.
But that message is
not going everywhere.
>>REGINA: It's not
like scattershot, OK.
>>STEWART: That's the
technology with Apple-Fi
that they're probably
going to be using.
Still kind of interesting,
though, because where's
our sovereignty?
If there's thousands of
5G satellites up there,
you can't even go into the
middle of the Pacific Ocean
to get away from it.
So where's our
retreat from this?
You can't just run off
into the mountains.
We're never going
to stop technology.
Technology began before
humans, actually.
And if you start with humans,
then language is a technology--
all those old cave drawings
and things like that.
We can theorize what
people were doing
70,000 years ago because of
that technology that they
discovered.
They drew it out for us.
So we're not going
to stop technology.
I want to be very clear.
I love advancing
technology, because I
know how to stay in my center.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's key.
>>STEWART: And I know
when it's time for me
to put the technology down.
So we need to meet it halfway.
And when we're talking
about activism,
it's very important
to get engaged
with that outside world.
But if you're not coming
home and doing things
like meditating and getting
right with you-- and these
are some of the other
solutions as well.
Meditation-- it does create
physiological effects
that allows you to regenerate
better than sleeping.
>>REGINA: And you can
actually affect the frequency
of your cells themselves, OK?
That harmonic that you
can create with the mind
and with the spirit--
bring the spirit in, because
it has a lot of information
for us, if we would only listen.
That is really
where we can start
transcending whatever the
external world is throwing
at us.
And I believe we're
all capable of that.
>>STEWART: More than capable.
And this is the number-one
thing I try to talk about.
Whenever I do talk about the
dark things out there, like 5G,
it has darkness in it.
It has some of the
things that we would
like not to be engaged with.
But the importance of that is
that's also a catalyst for us
to engage with the issue.
And Ganesha is the
placer of obstacles
and the remover of obstacles.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>STEWART: So the
beauty of this is
when-- you were really talking
about the spiritual journey.
We're all on a
spiritual journey.
But it wouldn't be
there to engage with us
if everything was perfect.
I think we need some of
these obstacles for us
to break ourselves out
of our comfort zones.
And here's my best and biggest
advice to the audience,
is there's not a single problem
in the outside world that
is bigger than our
inner solutions.
I firmly believe that.
And even if we do become--
not a martyr, but if we die for
our cause, we've still done it.
It's still encoded
into the field.
Other people have
witnessed it, right?
And so I firmly believe
that we weren't given a memo
from God or from
nature telling us
what we're owed in this life,
how we need to navigate it.
So it's really up for each of
us to discover and uncover it.
And that's when we
need to, in a sense,
crack out of our shell, where
we need to be saved from things.
We don't need to
be saved from this.
>>REGINA: We do not.
>>STEWART: We need to engage
with it properly and also
demand, peacefully and
beautifully, almost
like the Hawaiians
out at Mauna Kea
right now, where they are
standing in Kapu Aloha.
"Kapu" means "no,"
means "keep out."
But "aloha" is "with love."
It's different than
throwing Molotov cocktails
and getting in people's faces.
It's all done with love.
And I think it's--
to be perfectly honest, I know
this with films, where like,
if I were to start screaming
while I'm doing my voiceover,
people are going
to get turned off.
But when you drop down into
a whisper, people lean in.
you're sucking them in,
like into a black hole.
>>REGINA: That's what my
ballet teacher, Madame Beauvie,
always said.
Darling, if you want
people to listen, whisper.
>>STEWART: Whisper.
>>REGINA: And it's so true.
And so I love what you've
had to say about it.
This is just a really silly,
popped into my mind aside,
free association,
before we say goodbye.
But it's kind of interesting.
Ed Dames, who is
a remote viewer--
I'm sure you probably
know about Ed Dames
and the other remote viewers.
Ed Dames was telling me
in an interview one time
that when he and some of
the viewers were viewing,
they kept seeing this
elephantine character showing
up.
And I asked them at the time,
I said, was this Ganesha
that you were seeing?
And some of them
speculated that's what
they were seeing in the field.
Now, I thought, that's
random and weird.
But I thought, do we have
this remover, this bringer
and removal of obstacles
metaphorically, or for real?
Is it in the field around
us to help us and facilitate
our own growth?
>>STEWART: You know what's
beautiful about the elephant?
If you look at it direct on,
and its trunk is falling down,
and its ears are flapping over--
>>REGINA: You know,
I love elephants.
>>STEWART: --you can superimpose
a toroidal field right
on top of it.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>STEWART: And for me, when
you're talking about the field,
we have that toroidal field.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we are that.
>>STEWART: Actually,
every cell in our body--
>>REGINA: We're that.
>>STEWART: --has that.
And in a way, we
do get to choose.
There's some of it--
I think the outside
world problems are there
for us to engage with.
But we do get to choose how
we show up each and every day.
And that's why I like to end
all of these things with hope.
And this is a beautiful world.
It's a beautiful life.
But you need to
show up that way.
>>REGINA: Agreed.
I couldn't agree more.
Thank you.
I'm so happy to meet
you in the flesh.
And it's just been really
delightful talking with you.
>>STEWART: Thank you.
Same.
>>REGINA: And you're
a brilliant mind.
And also, you have
an understanding,
I think a deep
understanding, of the spirit
of our own human
potential biology
and so forth that I
greatly resonate with.
So--
>>STEWART: Thank you.
>>REGINA: --thank
you so much, Ben.
>>STEWART: Honored
to be here with you.
>>REGINA: You can take a look
at some of Ben's other work
here on Gaia in his
show, "Psychedelica."
Until next time, thank you
so much for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]